So now we work with navigation quite a bit we're able to move forward and backward.
You learn how to add icons and action buttons here to this header how to style and control the header
in general how to pass data around and these are all crucial things for mobile apps you are building
with React Native Of course these are things you'll do over and over again when working with React Native
to build apps.
Now this is not the only form of navigation we can implement though we can also at taps at the bottom
so we can switch between different sections in his app which of course all does a typical pattern you
know from mobile apps and which is also the pattern I sketched out at the beginning of this module I
want to have two taps in his app one for all our meals or in this case all our categories and one for
just our favorite meals the meals we marked as a favorite.
That of course brings us to one important question how can we add taps when working with react navigation.
And that's thankfully not too difficult.
Let's go to our meals navigator James file which is where we set up navigation and there we created
a stack navigator.
You need a stack navigator whenever you have screens pages in your app that are connected with such
a forward backward flow.
That's the typical stack navigation.
What we're using here it of course will still need that even if we now all the ad taps.
The good thing is you can simply have multiple navigators in your application and that's exactly well
do now from Rick navigation besides the stack navigator that create stack navigator function.
We can also import create bottom tab navigator and that does just what it sounds like it allows us to
create a navigator that works with taps at the bottom.
So create bottom tab navigator it is and we can simply create that additional navigator next to our
meals navigator let's say so here I will named is meals Pfaff tab navigator you can name it whatever
you want that just want to be really clear about what his navigator controls and wheel controls are
meals and favorites with taps and I call create bottom tab navigator and store the result of that in
this constant.
The result of this justice before for the stack navigator isn't the end a react component.
So we can store that here and we'll soon be able to to use distance.
Now how do we configure that tab navigator then just like the stack navigator the tab navigator all
the takes the object where we have to inform it about the different taps so to say the different sections
to different screens you want to load when we click to different taps and there I have two tabs which
I want one tab should be what we see here.
So our stack in the end not just this screen but all of the functionality to go to another screen.
So I want to have the entire stack here in one tab and a different screen or a different stack in the
Abbott tab and the good thing is you can use a stack or any other Navigator as a screen in this Navigator.
So what you can do here is you can set up an identifier.
Let's maybe name it meals.
That is totally up to you that name.
And now you could point at a screen here.
You can also use that long form with screen but I'll use the shortcut and just directly point at a screen
here at the screen add which you point here can even be just a react component as we created here in
the screens folder or.
Well since this year as I mentioned all the returns are real component.
It can also be the result of create stack Navigator.
So indeed I'll use the meals navigator here as my screen to be loaded for the meals tab.
Indeed this is how it is works is how we can set this up.
So that's our first tap.
The second tab will be our favorites and there.
I have no stack yet.
We might later add one but for now I'll just point at the favorites screen so let's import dead favorites.
Screen here in the meals navigator file import favorites screen from the screens folder and they are
favorites screen like this.
And now simply point at the favorite screen here for our favorites identifier in the bottom tab navigator.
This is how easy we can set up a tab Navigator.
The question now is how do we use it.
Well in the end it's now this Navigator which we want to use as our route navigator in the app because
it includes our existing meals navigator.
And it also allows us to go to the favorite screen.
So in the end I just use this year in my app container instead of the meals navigator because the meals
navigator now is nested in this tab navigator and that is how you can combine multiple navigators in
a native app driven by rack navigation because you can simply mix and match them together.
You always have one route Navigator which is in your app container and that makes sense you have one
entry point to your app but this route navigator can of course have our nested navigators as we have
it here for this tap where we point at the meals navigator and if we now save safe this and our app
therefore restarts you see now we have tabs at the bottom here and we can click them to go to our meals
stack here and we can use this stack just as before but I can also switch to favorites go back to my
stack which even keeps it stated was in and that is how easy we can add tasks.
Same on Android of course.
Now of course it's also noteworthy that these taps don't look at right yet it would be nice to have
a I can hear it and not just some text and we'll take care about configuring these taps.
Just a second but this is how easy we can get started with taps and this is how you can think about
using multiple navigators in a react navigation app or in the app using react navigation.
Now with that let's see how we can actually add icons and how we can configure our taps a bit more also
to use a different color than this default blue year.